Another thing as thought was interesting was that this the emphasis on transportation?
Do you remember the automobile? This was the beginning of the change.
Trains and , automobiles think margaret though I I don't think we can underestimate her.
I mean I think she's like a lot of women that I have known she's in control.
There is no doubt, I mean Henry wilcox may think he's in control, but he isn't and there would never be a Janie Bast while she is ahead.
Of that. So whereas I thought Mrs. Wilson the person this is Wilcox.
Ruth was so other world and everything else she didn't even have a clue.
What was going on. So I felt that that Margaret is and I thought for this time she was tremendously just in charge.
She's very practical she didn't care that she didn't care about emancipation.
I mean she was when you really are already that way you don't have to make it.
But you're also in the movie she had a very strong personality, a lot of charisma, and very positive, which is also what you're saying.
But she just radiated something which was personality you know funny.
There are 2 young people that i've talked to about the movie, and I haven't seen it.
But what one of them was my niece, and I said something about Margaret talking about her fitting that she was the I think I use the word heroin.
And she said, Harold, she Couldn't see Margaret as I heroin, I think, Barker.
And then she went on to explain. she said maybe she was too strong. We're used to seeing someone as the you know the protagonist or the woman on the screen as a romantic as all of that haven't seen the movie But that
was her feeling about it. Yes, she read the book also. No, you know she goes to be heroin.
Is that she marries Henry, even though all this has happened.
And then she she sticks with Henry, even though all you know the sun ends up killing.
You know all this happens, and she sticks it out with it, and that maybe young people nowadays wouldn't do that heroic.
They would have thought that marching out and saying I won't stay, you know I won't marry you or whatever wanted to know.
Excuse me. I want to know what you thought about why she agreed to marry him, because, although I understand the reasons that are given in the book, I still couldn't quite decide that that's something she would have decided I mean I know what to means
about the thing I was thinking. Maybe she was older. chances were you know it was changing, and because she was very pleased when he asked, and she admired him according to the book, I don't think Henry was the horrible person that a lot of
critics felt that he was, I think, maybe forrester one of them to be that way, and I just didn't look at them, but I thought he had a lot of good qualities.
Did you see some charm? There, you get what they did book, she kept saying.
He was charming. She described him as the charming which was talking about him to so many Eleanors in a thoughts or something.
Margaret, said Mr. Wilcox is a charming as long as I couldn't see any one arm either place. and I guess that's what kept kind of bringing me up short, believing this marriage after the times too.
1910 nice great job opportunity for the because I didn't she think she really had to be married.
I don't know the thing I Didn't understand is why both families were so against Paul and Helen in the rest Andion.
Then Henry and Murray got married and I didn't see? Well, his kids didn't like that always kids.
Did I get that henrietta I guess that the woman had no future, and I thought it was mainly because of the difference in the families, so that they perhaps I misunderstood.
I don't know I agree more with that I think it was a situation where Paul couldn't marry anybody because he had to go overseas and make his make his way in the world, because he couldn't support a woman and and
maybe those families see, rather than the bass who would get married whether they could support somebody or not.
They strongly felt that you had to have a certain amount of money or a certain future in order to position in your position in order to have a wide did help and not have enough money to support them.
Why, couldn't hell enough just support well I fill in that was state they wasn't allowed that wouldn't have been all right.
Look at the color to bond. Remember strong English honor that the Mitchell's had to defend, you know, except in other aircraft, which is a about insane or did that experience me other in the movie.
They were looking at this big house in interior, this checkout Did they move to a big house?
Where did they live? I think they lived in the big house they didn't have an epic?
They ended up on Mars, ending at the end, where was kind of unbelievable, the wrong ball together as an area. When they, Mary did what was his name?
The wimpy little son T. V. and a young girl come and live with them. Know how you like it?
Well, we lost it, for when when they at the wedding see is when Helen conceived. and so then shortly thereafter, she met, went away.
She went to like, or someplace like that and she stayed in Germany.
But that wasn't margaret's wedding that was Edie's wedding.
Okay, yeah. That was before Margaret. Even married so by the time Margaret gets married. Maybe the hell is pregnant.
Then she's away somewhere, because, she is she's hiding isn't it also basically a woman's women are much more developed characters, and the man tent being not such good view, this is very interesting and that he would write that
way. If he was a homosexual, he was raised by Threezer, and I have the aunt, and so on.
Yeah. So the mothers have always been that women figures in his life were so strong.
Obviously, but like the say, Hello, Tibby, is it magazine?
But he was such a limpy physically weak person I wouldn't know who was, and I wasn't living on the farm.
They all had any fever or something. Yes, start to say something about how out of Africa.
Well, you were talking about the woman having the money and Why, the main couldn't barrier and out of Africa, I think, is about this same time. period.
Oh, man! Well, maybe it's second world war Isaac Denison, the pure one of Africa, is Danish, but she's the one with money, and she ends up a the brother of the person that she's in love with
marries her because he has no money, no family money. but she has money, and she has no way to get a husband.
So they agree to get married because he will then have access to her money and title, and she'll have a husband.
So it was done by the point of all that was that it was sometimes done that a woman of means married a man of no means as a arrangement for whatever reason.
So I had a bad that her money could have been if they wanted to.
To me. i'll kind of not take care of your will in the book.
I guess I don't no Why, they didn't buy that with such a knownness, and I didn't realize Forster grew up with money.
That sort of mixed me all up now, too, because it sounded to me like he hadn't I have a question about England in 1,910, too, which shows that my lack of history was England the strong.
World power in 1,910. still the Empire English.
The sun never sets on the English empire wilcox made his money wasn't I didn't square.
Was it some kind of trade? and him? I think he had rubber property generations, because I read passage to India 100 years ago in college, and that was all about the colony of India.
So I thought England was in a position of great strength in 1,910.
So we're getting the wins of minimum wage in that case was the king or queen.
What was Victoria's ring that's what i'm trying to think about.
Well close to that one, Remember, Upstairs, downstairs the I said.
The her son came in 1910 Victoria son go when they advocated.
No, that was later looks later. Well, at the beginning of World War I guns are because they all of the crowned heads.
That was the last time they were all together well over the horizon into setting by 1,914.
So in 1,910 there would definitely have been Undergrins change beginning to.
But England didn't really start losing her colonies did she until more like Second World War.
I never came to divest. It was after a second world.
The power over them was becoming weak wasn't that part of the problem they had because they were trying to hold the colonies together, and then they also had to deal with the war in Europe.
I think wasn't that the problem but there's that world more to our world.
I don't know but I think that was part of the problem models.
We couldn't read was it too Well, they were transferring the power in India more like world war.
Ii. you know, so thirtys and fortys maybe Diamond Gandhi and I.
It was kind of interesting to read these critical reviews. I got this out of the book reviewed, digest, since it was written in 1,910 news, like Night Titan Hands, published in was 1,910 Mr.
Forrester. This is from the New York Times in February the nineteenth, 11.
Mr. Forster seems to write conventional comedy.
Nabiasness of character values is entirely adequate.
While there is with life, manner, and journalistic wittiness a phrase serves in will. but he invinces neither power nor inclination to come to grips with any vital human problem disagrees with everything We've
missed. But what a different wording ever reviewed Saturday Review said. whether what likes it or not howards, and is a real novel that was in 19 tenth and something that it is abbreviated capital sp
Ec. I don't know where it was but if his defects are exasperating.
His qualities are remarkable vivic characterization, a happy command of dialogue and a freakish hero.
The clash of modern culture and modern material as seldom found a more vivid interpret.
This is the library of these magazines on microfilm clear back to my well.
This is from the book review digest. so they have all of these little views.
We're going to continue up to a lot of research on that second time. I didn't spend too much time putting it modern modern culture and modern materialism.
I mean that's essentially what we're saying the huber we're having a little trouble, was there were there were times when it was under underlying humor.
A little bit you know it's like like that in the movie at least, that when the baths come to the to the wedding reception and and Jackie sits down there and starts shoveling in the food and drinking the
drinks really it's funny until then they have the confrontation with Henry, and then it isn't funny.
I'm just gonna tell you the one of the other young person that I talked to about was a farmer student who had now side characters who lives in California, and we were talking about the book or about the movie He hadn't read
the book. He said it was a good movie, but not a great movie, and he said it was without passion.
So now, what you make of that I think that's the example of English movies? I didn't think so either the passion of Leonard Baston and Helen, and then the passion of Charles and the confrontation with that
tragedy that's not necessarily patient not sexually there was a fashion between Henry and Margaret.
Yeah, there was no yes, there will. but strong failings, drops drown. See how I feel!
What is it I don't think there's strong feelings in this book? That much only for howards and Ruth had strong feelings for Howards in, and he didn't do her one bit of good because her request was
ignored, and the rest of the people are just kind of floating along.
Oh, no, no, no! see I don't helen has tremendous passion about her beliefs.
Margaret's. Oh, that her Bishop he Didn't really get a difference.
Narbury speech to Henry it's one of the most passionate things I have like.
I thought it was beautiful, and later it's says she felt back over that, and she wouldn't have changed a word of it.
But oh, I think there was a lot of thing like. Was this not all popular when it was published?
According to the professor, it is a classic of change. It is one of the classic novels that has to do with change.
But did the people like it? tradition that I would imagine that he was not in the and other well-known writers, Hemingway and Faulkner?
And yet this guy was still up there in the fortys and This book was written in 1,910.
I didn't care for it. we know turned me off the big description about the demo of umbrella?
And did he really have the a love of the end on it, or did it have a knobby?
And again I was scripted Oh, you're you're gonna steal.
And all the time that was part of the character was something better to read.
Now that was supposed to be part of the I didn't I didn't know that's your humor.
I have a huge number one all right. they got hell on their hand. Margaret's humor that was their human, that I enjoyed into it.
Not be a bridge. Stay with the book because she said it was written in a different time, and of course it's British, and so because I was having trouble getting started, I got hung up and it doesn't make any difference when you were
reading a review. you talked about the affair between Helen and Paul.
Did I get the right names? and I thought all that happened was he kissed her, and they had this understanding of the souls that they are not.
And i'm thinking what isn't a big deal about This is aunt is coming down here.
Everybody's getting in an uproar because somebody thought they liked somebody.
I you know I got lost in that, and I talked to him and she said. Now I just stay with it.
It's written in a different time. I thought Okay, a different time.
Yes, maybe that is important. What did you sell a movie no i'm going to rent it after the first in memory, but I think it'll help Well, on the scale. i'm getting more into the characters one time in this group.
And I think it was I don't remember if it was but if it's.
Probably it was one of those people who are so knowledgeable and wasn't attacked out what makes a classic, and they had several criteria.
And I've forgotten. Some of them but the ones I can think of is that it has to be able to be read on many levels, and I think that this is one of those books that you can read as just a story about these people
who are wanting to live at this howard's in or you can read it as the clash between the intellectual and the practical, or between England and Germany, which is really what they're getting down to what's the basis
of that it can be read at any time. can apply to England in 1,910, or it can apply to America in 1,993.
With. How far are we going to go with entitlements?
How much are we going to take from the so-called really wealthy?
Who's the only people that's going to be touched by this badge up to these poor I forgot the corporate income tax, which is going up and up and up.
And up. But if somebody says entitle it's one more time, i'm gonna screen, why are these entitlements?
Why are you entitled The corporate Income Tax is going to be raised?
1%. And so, therefore the big corporations in the Us.
Are backing this budget change in Washington Well, at any rate, I think there's that is as typical today, I mean as topical today as it was then, and then it has to deal with the big questions as the moral values and of
perceived the world, and all of this women and either were some others, and I can't even remember what they all were. I don't know it didn't.
We ought to make her get her notes. on it again and we're 5, and I've only come up with 4 when the eternal truce at any time.
Oh, I never know that room at any time, on any level, and by any age.
What you did mention. One thing I thought it was very interesting.
Not that true? All of who are married would have picked up on it the relation between a man and a woman.
I thought there were one phrase in there at the crystal That's a big crystal shield that comes down after a couple of is married, and I have realized that so many times when friends with whom I was very very intimate you
know, and yet, when they are married there is a contracal one.
Does. That is something that I wasn't ever able to penetrate. and I thought that was an interesting phrase.
Also thought it was very interesting. Her relation with her husband.
Why she married him, I don't know but she was able to see the good hitting as well as and anterior to sort of push out the bad and try to improve him.
Maybe Spanish. She did it with open eyes. Yeah, in the movie. You see her looking out her window across the street into the Wilson's apartment.
They seem to be a happy, very happy, congenial family.
They seem to have a lot of getter action going on in that family. I don't know.
Maybe there was something by the fact that she she saw happy family that talked and communicated and laughed, and had a good association with each other as she peeked out your window looking at this fan.
It's a good point. the first Mrs. Wilcox thought highly of her husband, and Margaret thought highly of her. And do you remember when she was going to go down to Harrison with her?
And all of a sudden he appeared. He came to hack, and Mrs.
Wilcox said, I'm so glad to see you and she walked away with her husband, and I think this right that he was charming.
The and I forget. I think we forget that we all had that innate need. have a partner.
I will, and and a provider do you know we all envy that oneness, and when you don't have it, you really empty.
So. I mean that's a strong drawing point we look for a lot of things I mean.
None of us would be married if we were married perfect partners or if they were looking for perfect.
That's the well, we are we are human I thought that was the but the thing about money that I could see.
But that's what I consider your spiritual patron which you could see the human qualities.
Maybe that's one thing about the book of what but said was that you know it translates to everybody.
Nobody's husband is perfect, you know and nobody but it is her state, No person is perfect, and therefore you did real life.